**Prototype B: Parasite**

*Idea: last.fm but for video streaming services*

My idea is to make a browser extension that makes a note of the different streaming content that the user watches while they surf the web. This would work like last.fm where after the data has been collected, the user can visualize their streaming data into a chart whenever they please. In this case, the user will be able to easily visualize their streaming data by clicking the extension icon. In my opinion, data visualization is one of the biggest benefits of the digital format. I think last.fm provides a valuable service to people who listen to music on different streaming platforms. I hope to create an extension that allows users to easily generate mosaics that they can share with friends and family.

I hope to be able to create gifs from the user's viewed content. This would make it so that the mosaic that is created in the end is a .gif as well. In last.fm, they just use album covers which are not .gifs. With video, however, it seems within the realm of possibility to create gifs from the video. Alternatively, I have been considering if it would look better if I somehow implemented an IMDB API that I could feed strings in order to find the movie and use the IMDB API to pull movie posters for the mosaic.

This next idea is a bit more of a pipe dream. When I was initially coming up with the idea for this extension, I was dreaming of an extension that could improve the suggestion algorithm by combining an individual's data from all the different streaming platforms. This would allow users to get content that is better suited to their interests than any individual streaming platform would be able to provide. However, I am aware of the complexity and proprietary nature of many of these algorithms so this will likely remain a pipe dream. Although the execution of the suggestion algorithm seems too complicated for right now, I think that providing users with content better tailored to their interests would be really valuable if this project were to be taken further one day. 
