High Infidelity

I think one of the most memorable claims to me from the article was the one where the author wrote that both the virtual and actual world are technically “real.” I found it even more interesting when the artist argued that this due to fears that the virtual world was “taking over” in the 1990s. I had never thought of the virtual and real world as two different “dimensions of reality.” However, once I was presented with the concept, it made a lot of sense. If the virtual world technically exists, which it does, then who can say which dimension is technically “real”?

Another topic that I found interesting in the reading was how internet users cannot trust the identities of other users because user can lie about their identities or be anonymous online. I have definitely pretended to be someone else on a video game and I have definitely been lied to by others about their identities. The fact that one cannot trust the identities of strangers met on the internet is something that I think we are all subconsciously aware of, however I feel most people do not consciously contemplate the situation but instead accept it as a reality. How could it be any other way?

I thought for a second about what the optimal situation would be in terms of internet identity. Would it be better if everyone’s actions online were tied to their government ID? Would it be better if everyone on the internet was completely anonymous? If everyone’s online activities were linked to their government IDs, internet users would likely act more sincerely and would not be able to do distasteful things under the guise of anonymity. However, in this scenario the government would have arguably too much control over monitoring the activities of its citizens. I fear that this could be a slippery slope to creating an oppressive authoritarian government with too much control over the public. Even if the government was removed from the picture, it still feels safe to say that most people would not love all of their activities on the internet being linked to their government name for the whole internet to see.

However, the inverse of this situation isn’t much better. In a completely anonymous internet, although the government would have little ability to regulate the activities of individuals on the internet, some internet users might feel emboldened to engage in heinous activities on the internet. People’s actions in real life are governed by legal consequences as well as social consequences, in a completely anonymous internet rouge internet users cannot be held accountable for their unsavory actions.

In conclusion, I personally think that the ideal situation for internet privacy is one much like most of my classes this semester — mixed-mode/blended. This is more or less the current state of the internet. Users can choose between being anonymous being themselves online. Although this allows people to misbehave under the protection of anonymity, it gives users to use the internet in the way that they see fit. This decision ultimately comes down to one’s perception of human nature. If human’s are for the most party innately good, they will act morally and not abuse their anonymity. It would be an untruth if I were to write that I think that all humans mean well. I think some are sociopaths and just do not. In the unregulated internet, yes they would be able to commit some bad acts, however that is a price that must be paid for the liberty of all other internet users.

I also found it hilarious when the author claimed that the man who created the female AI was technically catfishing.
