**Online Intimacy**

The first article’s point about how non-digital natives consider activities and interactions on the internet to be to some extent “make believe” is very insightful when contrasted with how digital natives see the internet. This disconnect between the older members of society and the younger members has definitely become more and more noticeable as we rely more and more on the internet for our daily lives. I have sometimes wondered whether or not a similar thing will happen when I am old. Will I be desperately out of touch from the younger generation or will an understanding of the internet enable me to keep up to date? Will this generational divide gradually disappear as our population ages and everyone becomes a digital native? Could the generational divide maybe become larger than it is now?

This article also led me to reflect on how my ability to meet and connect with people online has at times shaped my real life friendships. At my small school in Texas, the majority of my elementary and middle school peers not only came from different backgrounds but also did not share my interests and were instead more interested in Texas things like hunting and football. These things have never resonated with me, but because of the internet I was able to cultivate deeper friendships with other kids who actually had similar interests to mine. My best friend from summer camp is still one of my best friends because we have been able to play video games together online ever since. This best friend from summer camp is also good friends with my other best friends because of the internet. If it wasn’t for the internet, these friends wouldn’t know each other and I probably wouldn’t have the strong friend group that I do today. I think the internet not only allows people to find friends that are a better fit for them but also allows people to easily transition these friendships into life-long friendships. Before the internet, if someone were to move away the friendship would have likely deteriorated. However, because of the internet, these friendships are not tied to any physical location. I am moving to New York to live by myself next semester which is intimidating but I know that I have a strong group of online friends who I can connect with from anywhere so I’ll be okay.

Another thing that I was thinking about was that although some interactions and customs have become relaxed online (“u” versus “you”),  a certain degree of social media etiquette has emerged. I find that this social media etiquette is not standardized and thus varies perception of it varies from individual to individual, however many people still seriously subscribe to it. These things can include being expected to post a certain thing for someone, like a certain post, comment a certain thing, put certain things on your story, not follow a certain person etc. It is far too easy to accidentally upset others on social media because it is so performative and superficial. This line of thinking is was caused me to purge my social media accounts years ago. I don’t post but I lurk sometimes. I have not regretted my decision whatsoever and have no plans to revert.
