**Now You’re In My Computer: Performing In The Network’s Theater Of Visibility**

I think that the context is so important for understanding this project. I see it as some form of warning about social media from the Matteses. I don’t think they imagined social media, however they were able to understand the potential implications of the tools provided by the internet. I’m sure that at the time they couldn’t imagine the scope that it has reached today, however I am sure that they aren’t too thrilled. The comment about how they stopped sharing their lives online when sites like MySpace became popular was very revelatory because the Matteses’ experiment was no longer exciting and different in a digital world where that was the norm really resonated with me. It seemed like such a crazy thing they were doing — sharing every aspect of their lives online with a bunch of strangers. It’s crazy how quickly that has gone from being an art project to a commonplace reality, no? I have always personally felt that internet privacy is a very important issue especially going forward. I feel that this project was probably very effective at spreading the word about how invasive the internet can be, however, unfortunately, it was too little too late.

**The Different Worlds of Cao Fei**

First off — my mind was blown by the term “SLart.” Not only did I not realize that people make art in Second Life, this word is just really fun to say.

When I initially read RMB town’s name and saw a picture of it, to me it came off as a typical chaotic online world created by a player with no rhyme or reason. When I later read about how the name RMB town is essentially “Money Town” and that the town is a critique of modern Chinese society, I was astounded by the project’s simultaneous complexity and simplicity. I feel that this initial obscuring of the message made the message even more poignant when revealed. I found that this quote really did a good job of summing up the deeper meaning of RMB city: “RMB City is a chaotic themeparkization of overabundant socialist, communist, and capitalist icons and architectural landmarks associated with Chinese cities then and now, along with every fathomable aspect of material culture extolling the excesses of capitalism.” I felt that RMB City’s sensory overload hyperbolically mimicked the energy of modern Chinese cities in a way that really makes a statement. When I lived in Shanghai, I felt that the city was enormous, on top of itself and overwhelmingly visually stimulating.

I also found her point about simultaneously being the director and actor very interesting. It led me to reflect on the democratization of creating creative content caused by the rapid development of consumer technology. In the past, it would require many people and lots of money and equipment in order to create a movie. Now, with technology, someone like Cao Fei can use CGI tools to create a whole movie right from their bedroom and with little to no financial support. Additionally, I was surprised to read that a plot on the island somehow sold for 100,000 USD.
