**A Vernacular Web**



	The web is becoming more and more dominated by corporate culture. Most things on the internet just take themselves too seriously these days. It has lost a lot of its playful human essence. 

	I found the following quote particularly profound: “As soon as users divided into designers and clients free collections lost their attractiveness for both sides. Around 1997 professional web sites were distancing themselves from the amateurs with the complete opposite of modular design.”

	This artificial binary that professional web designers have created on the internet between creators and users became much more profound to me when I read in the second article about how web designers make it so that users can have a more customized ‘home-like’ experience so that amateurs are less concerned with the lucrative backend of the internet.

	This intentional complication reminded me of two other fields where a similar phenomenon takes place. This is reminded me of businesspeople who make use of excessive business jargon in order to convince others that they are by-far the most competent in business-related things. In a book that I read for my Capstone, This is your Brain on Music, the author claims that a similar phenomenon exists in the music industry as a binary between musicians and listeners. In the past, people were less reluctant to classify themselves as ‘musicians.’ Nowadays, musicians often use excessive musical theory terms in order to create this binary resulting in average people becoming discouraged in their own musical abilities. Businesspeople and musicians use these techniques to make outsiders feel as if their work is more complicated than it really is in order to discourage others from competing, resulting in greater job security.

	C.R.E.A.M. As Raekwon once said, cash rules everything around me. That was a big takeaway from these articles as well. The internet, like we have previously discussed in this class, could have been an entity independent of the physical world. However, in pursuit of practical business applications, the internet has become much more serious and more closely mirrors the real world. The current state of the web has been deeply influenced by corporate culture and generating revenue which is a shame.

	I was also surprised by the impermanence of these websites. Growing up, I was warned that anything on the internet is forever. I clicked on pretty much every link in the readings and pretty much none of the websites still exist. Even the link that she referred to as the ‘survivor’ no longer worked. I checked the publishing date of the second article and was further surprised to learn that it was only published about 10 years ago. This really drove home the point for me of how temporary a lot of the internet actually is. It also led me to contemplate how primitive the current state of the internet will likely seem in 10, 20, 30 years. I have already watched as many beloved sites from my childhood have fallen, I am not looking forward to losing more of my favorite websites over the years.

	I also found the MIDI information very intriguing because in my free time I like to make songs in Ableton so I am familiar with MIDI files. I am personally pretty charmed by the simplicity of MIDI songs and I also like it because it allows me to think about the compositional aspects of a piece independent of complicated effects and intricate timbres. However, I completely understand how the raw sound of the MIDI format can be quite off-putting to most people. Thus, I was disappointed to read that the end of browser support for MIDI files seems imminent. I love hearing computers “play” music; There’s something about its perfect and inhuman sound that really resonates with me.

	This article was a great walk down memory lane. I fondly remember lots of these kinds of designs from when I was a little kid using the internet to find video game strategies and communities. I also am a big fan of the Y2K aesthetic in general, so I genuinely liked a lot of the aesthetic from this article for reasons other than mere nostalgia. I wish the connotation with glitter gifs wasn’t so negative. I genuinely love the vibe that they give a website. I think that if Albert was covered with glittery gifs that make me hate it less. I also wish people still used animated bullet points, I thought those were great and not particularly jarring.
